docs: add best practice for fonts persistence (#638)
vercel/satori: README.md

Multiple fonts can be passed to Satori and used in `fontFamily`.

> [!TIP]

> > We recommend you define global fonts instead of creating a new object and pass it to satori for better performace, if your fonts do not change. [Read it for more detail](https://github.com/vercel/satori/issues/590)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We recommend defining fonts on the global level, instead of creating a new object and pass it to Satori on each generation. This generally improves the performance. More details can be found on [this issue](https://github.com/vercel/satori/issues/590).
```
